Installing the Cilia Analysis Macros

		1.  Finding the ImageJ plugin folder

			Typically the ImageJ plugin folder can be found at:

				"C:\Program Files\ImageJ\plugins"

					or if not there

				"C:\Program Files (x86)\ImageJ\plugins"

		2.  Create a New Folder in the Image J plugin folder named "Cilia Analysis"

			For windows 7 or Windows 8 once you have opened the "plugins" folder click the 
			"New Folder" icon at the top of the window and and Name the folder "Cilia Analysis"

			For Any version of Windows, once in the "plugins" folder right click and select
			"New --> Folder". Rename the folder "Cilia Analysis"

		3.  Save the "Cilia_Analysis_Crop.ijm" and "Cilia_Analysis_No Crop.ijm" files into this folder

		4.  The macro will now self install into ImageJ when ImageJ is restarted!

	Note:  If ImageJ is open you must close and restart ImageJ before the macro will appear in the Plugins menu.


Installing the Adaptive Threshold Program

		1.  Create a New Folder in the Image J plugin folder named "Adaptive Threshold"

			For windows 7 or Windows 8 once you have opened the "plugins" folder click the 
			"New Folder" icon at the top of the window and and Name the folder "Adaptive Threshold"

			For Any version of Windows, once in the "plugins" folder right click and select
			"New --> Folder". Rename the folder "Adaptive Threshold"

		2.  Save the "adaptiveThreshold_win64.jar" file into this folder

		3.  The macro will now self install into ImageJ when ImageJ is restarted!

	Note:  If ImageJ is open you must close and restart ImageJ before the macro will appear in the Plugins menu.  

	

Using the Cilia Analysis Macros

		1.  To use the tool start ImageJ go to the Plugins menu and click "Cilia Analysis --> Cilia Analysis Crop" 
	 	    or "Cilia Analysis --> Cilia Analysis No Crop"
  
		2.  A pop-up will appear asking for the directory you wish to analyze all TIF pictures within.

	Note: This tool will only analyze TIF files within the selected directory
	
		3.  A folder called "Results" will be created within your selected directory with all histograms and results 
		    tables

		4.  A popup log window will appear after the analysis is finished if the words "Error" are not written in 
		    this window all analysis was performed correctly.
	
		5.  Check through results to ensure analysis was performed correctly.